This is a song entitled Diamond Joe, sometimes called The Chisholm Trail.
Oh, Diamond Joe was a rich...
With lots of cowboys in his pay.
He rode the range with his cowboy band.
And many a maverick got his brand.
If I was rich,
As Diamond Joe, I'd work today and I'd work no more.
I work me so hard and the pay so slow.
But I don't give a darn if I worked hard, no.
Roll on, boys, roll.
Don't you roll too slow?
Hi-oh, hi-oh, you roll like boys, never rolled before.
I left my girl in a Texas shack, and I told her I wasn't coming back.
But I lost that cart and I got in jail And I found myself on the Chatham Trail.
I'll stay with the herd till I reach the end, Drag my time and I'll blow it in. Just one more spree and one more jail, And I'll head back home on the Chatham Trail.
Roll on, boys, roll, don't you roll so slow.
Hi-oh, hi-oh, you roll like boys, never roll before.
I'll stay with a herd till I fall so red at the Texas line, And I'll head back home with a girl of mine. And I'll sit in the shade and sing this song, And watch the herd go drifting home.
When the time has come to leave this world I'll say goodbye to my little girl
I'll hold my hands when I have to go and say goodbye, old Diamond Joe.